He is a former
Working for Long Shuai
subordinate
What kind of person could he be?
The Ye family doesn't care what my identity is
Anyway, apologize for doing something wrong.
It's a matter of course
You have to take sides with the wrongdoer.
Then don't blame me for using extraordinary means
Apologize for yourself
Oh, dear.
Night with the wind, you really have more than enough achievements and more than failures
I'm also counting on you to get Long Shuai's favor
There we go.
I can't even see him.
Mom, calm down.
I see that 201 will be troublesome in the future.
Since
Our Yan family can't see Long Shuai now
That's fine, don't come back for the interview
Anyway, they also led the team to make meritorious contributions, right?
The county seat has no merit
All the more reason for the parents not to come back
grandma
I don't think the second uncle's family is suitable for people to come back
Get this family out of here. Hold on
No grandma
You let me think of a way.
I will definitely take you to see Long Shuai
Let's go, let's go, oops
Sin, Jinglong Jingtian at night
You just don't want to make our family feel better
You white-eyed wolf
If you hadn't given birth out of wedlock
Are we going to be kicked out of the house?